hello channel people 12 projects
today I came to bring my brand knife
model 168-a from the bay here to
you
the bay already have and I do not think lead to
piece for seating
I think it's more of a collection
because it is not of low quality but
also the reason is very low
so I would not recommend relying on it for
sing practice
the piece any such thing is then the
Guys, I tell you what I feel.
posted and receiver
because I was mugged in recording a
video my cell phone and take me face
What happened is happening at school?
There I spend all this time without carrying
I bought until I bought a camera and
I also have a warning for you that
in the next video will be a video of
explanation that I'm going to draw a lottery
For you of the knife that I made in
first video of the world's
model f a 08 the first video make a
draw a new knife from her is but not
Right next to you, how's it going?
is
the staff there and enjoy the video and
subscribe to the channel and staff has been
another video from the project channel